We build the base for our star schema for the data model in the next module,
this is really great,
there is only one thing about the population column that I quickly want to change,
let me show you what I mean.
So in this population column, everything is all right
actually, the only thing that I don't like is the way the numbers are displayed,
so to say it's simple, I simply want to multiply that column by 1000 because this will make it easier
for us to later create the visualizations
and to display the units correctly. Now to multiply a column or to generally apply some operations like
that to a column,
you can simply go to the transform ribbon right here and now in the number column area right here, you
have various options on what you want to do.
Now we only want to do a standard operation,
so we simply click onto standard right here and press multiply
and before we do that, you see that you have multiple options,
so if you want to add something or subtract something or divide, etc, this can all be done right
here
but as always, this refers to all values in the corresponding column.
However we only want to multiply,
so we can simply press onto multiply right there
and as I said, I want to multiply that column by 1000.
So let's type 1000 like this and press OK,
now we got that
and now this is fine
and as I said, you will see later why this was important and the only thing we have to do right now is
we should think about performance, right?
Because if you look at our queries column, well there are lots of queries at the moment, right,
and maybe we don't have to load all of these queries into our data model.
Let's talk about that in the next video.